what are you doing here I'm returning
him I don't want him anymore I don't
have any place to put you Tony is living
in the basement right now
your ex-husband shouldn't be living in
your base well dad speaking of the
proper way to be divorced don't go in
there mom's in there look who's back
Captain Jack is lying Jack enough you
know what you are you're like a gas leak
you're silently killing us all I am NOT
a gas leak you take that back among
German Creature from the Black Lagoon
I haven't doest what having all the
things that we used to dream about for
our lives
mommy why isn't the phone working let's
feel like it's getting further and
further away every time don't exactly
have your whole life ahead of you but
you still have a good portion of it I'm
gonna separate the room I gotta go to
work
please don't kill each other while I'm
gone Everett in America every day people
make what they will of themselves Wow
I'm gonna do something I don't get this
is the only idea that I have right now
and I think it has a chance to change
all of our lives we're doing an
invention and it's very serious
Joy's never run a business oh there's
nothing like it out there
had an idea so what lots of people have
I guess the big mistake it's a fantasy
huh come with me
in America the ordinary becomes Jordan
every single day
I've mortgaged my house I'm in $200,000
of debt I gave away everything you'll
have to fight for it as if it is your
own children I will fight for it like
it's my own children good some kind of
lies
as you grow up and come into the world
that has all sorts of things in it
money family betrayal you realize that
the only thing you're gonna have is what
you make
what they don't see you they're gonna
see me no matter what to let somebody to
love somebody the way I love you